book one: is the war between the drawves and the elva and the humnans ends with hex meeting alysa

chapter one: birth, he is enlisted in army and is taught about dervan system
chapter two: traing in chakra and learning his abilith in earth style
chapter three: attack on capitol again, hex is very proficeint in the battle recongized by king and gifted a crystal sword meet love of his life
chapter four: Hex learns of king evil past and experiments with dark energy attempts to usrirp kings power
chapter five: battle between king and hex, hex loses and is forced into exile, he is general now so he has his own army that stays loyal 
chapter six: refight bewteen hex, he is sealed within the dark energy but is freed and takes down king. crowned new ruler of erova and elvana he unifies the people.
chapter seven: everyday life, slow down, birth of his daugter, time skip somehow to daugher beeing 12 and a profiecnat archer
chapter eight: derven scared of the alience between humanity and elva, they break down the dervan system and using adavantage begin the war on hex
chapter nine: hex vs dervan leader 
chapter 10: unison of all people and magic, introduction of a bigger world and the congerate power attacks mysterious voice comes back

book two: is hex gathering the sages three weapons to unlock the power of the shara, battle against the congerate power and other shara eye holder and unlock the destroyers proto form ends with the revival of ayaliana

book three: hexs battle with ayaliana and the supposed defeat of her, hex learns the gods secret past and vows to free the new unified humanity from his clutches eventually he defeats the gods and gains there power. becoming the corrrupted new god of humanity, ends with the creation of maria. 

book four: hex foucuses on overwhelming power of maria, anti maria created. maria sealed within hex. hex gains full control of godhood. ends with ayelianas return and hex being sealed using the power of the anti maria (and sacirice of her).

book five: time skip, tchnology has been advanceing fast so far but now its at a new peak intoduced new things like inter realm travel and essentaly magic space shit ayaleiana has been ruling all this time, hex is freed by reble risistance and is still revered as a god. leader is hexs wife. hex takes back the world. ends with personas introduction along with the malicful return of the god of humanity ayas birth and the shattering of the universe via ayalianas failed rewrite of the world

book six: fall of hex. hexs sworn vow to protect aya he gives the destoryer to her, death of hexs wife, hex goes into rage sealing aya within him to gain her power aya tries to protect him as shes deeply in love with him and uses her power to seal hexs consisness into a tree, hex meets with death and comes back with seventh link to athyia and has mimic powers, aya is freed from within him, he goes to meet persona at the grand libaray to beg for his death.
 